the washer currently viewing is a
midsize Rolex part of the yacht-master
series a midsize watch can be worn by
both men and women this video will be
giving a hands-on instructions on how to
use the great features of the swatch to
begin let's discuss the movement of the
watch which is an automatic this means
that by wearing the watch it would
automatically wind itself however if you
haven't worn the watch for a while it
will end up losing time and you will
need to wind it manually to correct the
time we suggest that you purchase a
watch liner to keep the watch and while
it's not being used so this way the
watch will keep perfect time always a
great feature of an automatically
winding watch is that no battery is
required ok
this is the crown the function of the
crown enables you to change the time the
date and wind the watch since this is an
automatic winding watch it needs to be
winded in order to work properly this is
a screwin crown it keeps out all water
as long as it's turning completely to
properly wind the watch you would start
off by unscrewing the crown so you hold
onto it tightly and you start unscrewing
it and you'll see they'll come up and
you'll feel like a little click now to
wind the watch you would turn it up
rapidly and you would hear the gear is
moving in order to change a date pull it
out gently you'll hear a click and turn
it down now to change the time you pull
it out once more gently and you can
either turn it upwards or downwards to
get to your desired time now when you're
done make sure that you push the crown
and completely and then screw it into
place you have to push down and screw up
at the same time until it stops going
until it stops moving and so this will
ensure that your watch will be kept
waterproof it's very easy and simple
once you get the hang of things
the united uni-directional bezel allows
you to time different time periods
it turns both clockwise and counter
clockwise
so what you would do is to start the
timer turn the circle to line up with a
minute hand so the minute hand right now
is at the 40 so you turn the arrow
to the 40 when when you're done timing
the minute hand will have moved
whichever number it is pointing to on
the bezel that's how much time has
passed so let's say you're timing how
long it takes a jog around your
neighborhood and let's say takes ten
minutes so when you're done the minute
hand will move to the 10 MB pointing to
the 10 so you will know that's how long
it took you when the bezel is not a
noose lined the arrow up by the 12 and
then you have the numbers by the hour
marker so you can just glance down and
we've at the time really quickly a clasp
is a double locking safety deployment to
open pull the clasp in two spots one
over here another one right over here so
now you can slip it on easily to closer
you just fold fold and click back into
place the stainless-steel bracelet can
be sized to fit your wrist perfectly by
adding or removing links and or
adjusting the size of the class this is
a very beautiful and functional
timepiece it is quite easy to operate
and if you're looking for something
stylish and professional then this is
the watch for you